Future changes needed. (feel free to contribute here)

1) currently the FSM runs on the server locally and also declares all functions locally. 
   This might cause an issue when playing multiplayer and some of the groups are not local to the server.
   Hence it is necesary to declare these functions as global variables and then call them on the owner machine(client) of each vehicle.
   Doing this would also require a filter function to weed out player-units.

2) A function that would allow for the "Crew-group" to analyse enemy units in the area they have avoided and compare the capacity of said enemies with their
   own capacity to combat the enemy close range.
   In other words, a function that makes the AI decide wether or not to push.
   
 3) Improve the position selector by removing the current square-form of the areas that gets analysed to a 180* half-circle search area outside of min-range area.
    the width of this search area should be 1/2 of the min-range.
    Doing this would require several iterations considering how heavy "LineIntersects" is.
    ((7 x for degrees between 270 and 359) && (7 x for degrees between 0 and 90)) degrees are relative.
    doing it like this should take 1.4 seconds in processing time (will have to put in some sleep to avoid performance issues, I am thinking 0.1 s should be enough).

4)  A Crew FSM baked into this FSM that does the following; 
                                                              A)  Have AI repair broken engines / flat tires. Refuel when tank is empty. while also giving cover-fire.
                                                              B)  If gunner is dead have Driver switch between roles, take into consideration if commander is alive.
                                                              C)  If there are 2 friendly vehicles within a certain distance that both only have 1 crew-member left then
                                                                  have them join forces / group.
